so fatigued work. And it does happen. You know, uh, it's they say that
the navy runs on coffee. Yes, all are smaller. That war to be over.
Ladies on. Personally, I was always a great judge of bad coffee because
we didn't have a Starbucks on four of my ship, actually, for my
ships, we didn't at Starbucks. You could maybe go to a start. But we
have Starbucks stuff on fancy electrolytes and all that good stuff.
So we'll handle fatigue. It goes back to the old phrase of our wooden
ships. You have to be in shape here after coffee. Uh, you have to
watch yourself whatever it takes advising anyone to beat to crap out
of themselves and slot before you know you're trying to stay off
Wait. Especially if you're on the bridge and you've gotta watch you
paddle a lion to stay away to get up to get the next watch. Believe
it because you have 300 souls depending upon you and your judgment.
And if you run the ship aground, wanted to ship because you're tired
loads is well, excuse it all, so drop and give me another 20 on I stay
away. The best you can. Let's go. You know your body best, don't
you?